---
layout: default
title: "FB3: API"
permalink: /2003/09/03/FB3-API/
---

<P><FONT face=Verdana size=2><STRONG>Fusebox 3 exposes a series of variables to help in writing code:</STRONG></FONT></P>
<TABLE cellSpacing=5 cellPadding=0 border=0>

<TR>
<TD>Public API variable</TD>
<TD>Type</TD>
<TD>Writable</TD>
<TD>Description</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.isCustomTag</TD>
<TD>Boolean</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>Is this fusebox being called as a custom tag</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD vAlign=top>Fusebox.isHomeCircuit</TD>
<TD>Boolean</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>Is the directory of the file currently being operated on by FBX_Fusebox_CFxx.cfm the same as the home circuit of the app</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.isTargetCircuit</TD>
<TD>Boolean</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>Is the directory of the file currently being operated on by FBX_Fusebox_CFxx.cfm the same as the target circuit of the app</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.fuseaction</TD>
<TD vAlign=top>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>The simple fuseaction extracted from the attributes.fuseaction of form circuit.fuseaction passed in</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.circuit</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>The simple circuit extracted from the attributes.fuseaction of form circuit.fuseaction passed in.</TD></TR>
<TR>
<TD>Fusebox.homeCircuit</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>The circuit alias of the home circuit of the app.</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.targetCircuit</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>The circuit alias of the target circuit of the app. Usually this is the same as fusebox.circuit unless you have made a circuits definition error.</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.thisCircuit</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>The circuit alias of the directory of the file currently being operated on by FBX_Fusebox_CFxx.cfm.</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.thisLayoutFile</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>Yes</TD>
<TD>The layout file to be applied to this circuit after the fuseaction and its fuse(s) are done creating their content.</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.thisLayoutDir</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>Yes</TD>
<TD>The relative path from the target circuit where the layout file to be applied to this circuit is located. If no special layout directory has been created, this should be set to an empty string.</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.CurrentPath</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>The relative directory path of the file currently being operated on by FBX_Fusebox_CFxx.cfm, relative from the root of the application (ie the home circuit). Example: dir1/dir2/dir3/</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.RootPath</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>The relative directory path of the file currently being operated on by the core frozen fusebox code, relative to the root of the application (ie the home circuit). Example: ../../../</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.layout</TD>
<TD>String</TD>
<TD>No</TD>
<TD>This is the variable used by cfsavecontent or its equivalent custom tag that captures the generated content to that point in preparation for wrapping a layout file around it (as defined by fusebox.layoutfile). This<BR>variable must be inside each layout file in order for content to be passed up to the next level of nested layouts.</TD></TR>
<TR vAlign=top>
<TD>Fusebox.SuppressErrors</TD>
<TD>Boolean</TD>
<TD>Yes</TD>
<TD>FBX_Fusebox_CFxx.cfm has some abilities built in to suppress native ColdFusion errors and instead give its best guess at what it wrong with your application (as it relates to Fusebox). Default value is always FALSE, which therefore generates native ColdFusion errors. You may want to set it to TRUE while you set up your application in Fusebox style and let it default to FALSE when you are confident that your Fusebox is set up correctly but are testing for coding errors in your fuses unrelated to Fusebox.</TD></TR></TABLE>