---
layout: default
title: "CFHEADER/CFCONTENT & MimeTypes"
permalink: /2004/07/30/CFHEADER-CFCONTENT-&-MimeTypes/
---

<P>From the <A class="" href="http://www.web-rat.com/?mode=View&amp;entry=D1E6CDDE-A303-5893-5558E70E59F2FDAA" target=_blank>Web-Rat blog</A>...</P>
<P>"After running into some issues at work, I've finally taken the time to just back off my project and make a little test page for myself to try to figure out what the magick is with CFHEADER/CFCONTENT. I think I have this working properly now and I thought I'd share. I've tested this with WinXP/Mac OS9 using IE/NS. Your mileage varies.<BR><BR>So, here's the magic combo. In this example, I'm going to use PDF (application/pdf) mimetype. There's a listing of <A href="http://digital-reanimation.com/_home.htm" target=_blank>mime-types</A> out there, you just need to find the right one.<BR><BR>To <B>prompt</B> a user to save the file:<BR>&lt;CFHEADER NAME="content-disposition" VALUE="<B>attachment</B>;filename=document_15.pdf"&gt;<BR>&lt;CFCONTENT TYPE="application/pdf" FILE="C:\Downloads\document_15.pdf" DELETEFILE="No"&gt;<BR><BR>To hopefully <B>open</B> the correct application without prompting the user:<BR>&lt;CFHEADER NAME="content-disposition" VALUE="<B>inline</B>;filename=document_15.pdf"&gt;<BR>&lt;CFCONTENT TYPE="application/pdf" FILE="C:\Downloads\document_15.pdf" DELETEFILE="No"&gt;<BR><BR>The difference pointed out with the use of the bold tag. I say hopefully because specifying the proper mime-type doesn't mean anything if the user doesn't have acrobat installed, it's not going to open.<BR><BR>The peeps over at Figleaf have a cfheader/cfcontent <A href="http://www.figleaf.com/demo/mimetest/" target=_blank>test page</A> with sample code as well, but it's mostly dealing with Excel/CSV stuff (there is one application example on there).<BR><BR>Mime-types are weird and you have to play around a little with them. I know that when you specify a mimetype for &lt;CFFILE&gt; upload, you really have to becareful and comma delimit the mime-types properly. One quirk I noticed is that I had a user that was attempting to upload a quicktime file, but did not have quicktime installed. His machine could not properly report to CFFILE's upload what the file was and it refused to upload until quicktime was installed. Weird."</P>