---
layout: default
title: "Box Model"
permalink: /2004/09/24/Box-Model/
---

<P>I'm struggling to understand the box model issues. </P>
<P>The rule seems to be that padding and borders are added to the width to give to get the overall element size.</P>
<P>A div that&nbsp;has 20px border, 30px padding, and 300px width.</P><div class="code">div.boxtest { <br>
  border:20px solid;<br>
  padding:30px;<br>
  background: #ffc;<br>
  width:300px;<br>
}</div>
<P>The total width including borders and padding should be 400px.</P>
<BLOCKQUOTE>
<P>20+30+300+30+20 = 400</P></BLOCKQUOTE>
<P>I got this&nbsp;from <A class="" href="http://www.alistapart.com/articles/journey/" target=_blank>alistapart.com</A></P>
<H2>BOXING WITH BOX MODELS</H2>
<P><EM>Memorize this: In the CSS box model, padding and borders are added to the overall size</EM>.</P>
<DL>
<DT>Wrong 
<DD>A box 300 pixels wide, with 20 pixels of inner padding, is 300 pixels wide in IE/Windows. That seems right, but it's wrong according to the CSS1 spec. 
<DT>Right 
<DD>A box 300 pixels wide, with 20 pixels of inner padding on each side, is 340 pixels wide in CSS-compliant browsers (300 + 20 pixels on the left + 20 pixels on the right). That's because padding, even though it occurs on the INSIDE of the box, is added to the overall width per the CSS1 spec.</DD></DL>
<P>Many web designers who wrestle with CSS have asked why IE and Netscape 6 handle DIVs differently. The answer is, on the Macintosh platform, they don't. IE5/Mac and Netscape 6 (like Opera 5) get the CSS box model right. IE5/Win gets it wrong. In Windows, IE and Netscape differ because Netscape gets the box model right. IE6, I can only dream, will get it right as well.</P>
<P>{<EM>Ed</EM>: Since this article was initially written and designed, the IE6 beta has been released to the public. It does indeed get the CSS box model right. This article was rewritten and redesigned on 7 April 2001 to accommodate these changes in the browser kingdom.}</P>
<P>...and <A class="" href="http://glish.com/css/hacks.asp" target=_blank>gish.com has some thoughts</A>.</P>
<P>...and of course there is the famous <A class="" href="http://www.tantek.com/CSS/Examples/boxmodelhack.html" target=_blank>Tantek Celik hack</A>.</P>