---
layout: default
title: "Why I fired my secretary"
permalink: /2005/09/10/Why-I-fired-my-secretary/
---

Last week was my birthday and I didn't feel very well waking up that morning. I went downstairs for breakfast hoping my wife would be pleasant and say, &quot;happy birthday!&quot;, and possibly have a present for me. As it turned out, she barely said good morning, let alone &quot;happy birthday.&quot;<br/><br/>I thought... well, that's marriage for you, but the kids will remember. My kids came into breakfast and didn't say a word. so when I left for the office, I was feeling pretty low and somewhat despondent. As I walked into my office, my secretary Jane said, &quot;Good morning, boss, happy birthday!&quot;<br/><br/>It felt a little better that at least someone had remembered. I worked until one o'clock and then jane knocked on my door and said, &quot;You know, it's such a beautiful day outside, and it's your birthday, let's go out to lunch, just you and me.&quot;<br/><br/>I said, &quot;thanks Jane, that's the greatest thing i've heard all day. let's go!&quot;<br/><br/>We went to lunch. but we didn't go where we normally would go. We dined instead at a little place with a private table. We had two martinis each and I enjoyed the meal tremendously on the way back to the office, Jane said, <br/>&quot;You know, it's such a beautiful day... we don't need to go back to the office, do we?&quot; I responded, &quot;I guess not. what do you have in mind?&quot; She said, &quot;let's go to my flat.&quot; After arriving at her flat Jane turned to me and said, &quot;Boss, if you don't mind, I'm going to step into the bedroom for a moment. I'll be right back.&quot; &quot;OK.&quot; I nervously replied. She went into the bedroom and, after a couple of minutes, she came out carrying a huge birthday cake... followed by my wife,kids, and dozens of my friends and co-workers, all singing &quot;Happy birthday&quot;. And I just sat there...<br/><br/><br/><br/>on the couch... <br/><br/><br/><br/>naked.