---
layout: default
title: "Dear Dad..."
permalink: /2005/10/27/Dear-Dad/
---

A father passing by his son's bedroom was astonished to see the bed was
nicely made and everything was picked up. Then he saw an envelope
propped up prominently on the pillow. It was addressed, &quot;Dear Dad&quot;.
With the worst premonition, he opened the envelope and read the letter
with trembling hands... <br/>  <br/> <p>
		
		</p><p>  	Dear Dad,<br/>
It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope
with my new girlfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Mom and
you. I've been finding real passion with Joan and she is so nice. I
knew you would not approve of her because of all her piercing, tattoos,
her tight Motorcycle clothes and because she is so much older than I
am. But it's not only the passion, Dad, she's pregnant. Joan said that
we will be very happy. She owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack
of firewood for the whole winter. We share a dream of having many more
children. Joan has opened my eyes to the fact that marijuana doesn't
really hurt anyone. We'll be growing it for us and trading it with the
other people in the commune for all the cocaine and ecstasy we want. In
the meantime, we'll pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Joan
can get better; she sure deserves it!! Don't worry Dad, I'm 15 years
old now and I know how to take care of myself. </p>  <p>  	Someday, I'm sure, we'll be back to visit so you can get to know your  	grandchildren.  </p>  <p>Your son</p>  <p>Brett</p>  <br/>  <br/>  <p>
P.S. Dad, none of the above is true. I'm over at Tommy's house. I just
wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than the School Report that's in my&nbsp; desk drawer. I love you! <br/></p><p>Call when it
is safe for me to come home. </p>